
Meeting 4/5:
Recapped where we left off winter term and planned out our sprint tasks for Sprint 6. We also discussed inmplementation certain features, particularly the implementation of linkable projects and sharing tasks. At the end of the meeting we discussed and began working on our project description for the engineering expo. 

Meeting 4/12:
In our meeting we discussed the backend implementation of the team invitation system as well as checked in on everyone individual tasks. Work is underway in all of our sprint tasks with no immediate blocks. We believe we are on track to deploy these features around the end of April. 
