# __Sprint 3__ (Scrum Master: Matthew)

## __Sprint goal:__  
This sprint should accomplish the goal of finishing the backend server side of the application. We will have created a fledgling database with a schema that makes sense for the application as well. The rest of the frontend application will be in the stages of being able to interact with this newly created server.
## __Product log:__ 
Create backend server, create database, create database schema, create frontend interaction with database.
## __Member task:__ 
Kyler: Create frontend interaction with database.
Matthew: Create backend server.
Daniel: Create database schema.
Trevor: Create database.

## __Scrum record:__ 

### Meeting 1/8:
Meeting after break where we reviewed the state of the project and decided on a backend using Express. Some tasks were added to our Kanban board to implement the backend as well as creating form verifications. We also agreed to put in some more effort into the project because our class load is less than the previous term. Furthermore, we are planning to meet with our Project Partner, Taj, to show him the state of our project and get any advice that we may need going forward.

### Meeting 1/15:
The meeting consisted of talking about what we had accomplished in the last week and following up on eachothers pull requests. Daniel has continued to fine-tune the graph feature of the app to allow for resizing and has implemented pulling from the redux state to supply the graph data. Also, a lucidchart of the schema has been made by Daniel and Trevor. Matthew created the initial state of the backend server using express and it is in a PR. Furthermore, we plan to meet with Taj this week and our TA to discuss the status of the project and the next steps to add to the backlog. 

### Meeting 1/22:
In this meeting we reviewed what we were working on since our last meeting with Taj where we specified the backlog tasks. Kyler is planning on working on the form validation when a user adds a task with the modal. Daniel made a couple of pull requests for the summary button that is able to print out a summary on the right for the task. He mentioned we might want to consider adding a reporter section into the Data view on the right as well. We could also add sections for teams which would incorporate Taj's idea of sharing tasks. Trevor was able to get a test database up and will continue working on Redux to implement frontend data. Matthew is planning on setting up OAuth 2 and serving some new APIs.

### Meeting 1/25:
This meeting we discussed the new database we have on the Oregon State server. We are planning to import some test data into this. Everyone else is working on their tasks from the previous meeting as well. We also talked about some more tasks we can add to the backlog including a way to view teams.
